Batch 64-65 online platforms
        direct applies
        aws
        Header:
        name                                 address
        last title: QA Engineer              email
                Test Automation Engineer     phone
                    SDET                     linkedIn
        objective: I have been involved in UI and Backend automation development for functional tests; smoke test, regression and End to End test. I like collaboration and communication to produce quality products as a team.
        detail oriented
        collaboration
        communication
        out of the box
        quick learner
        good searcher
        meeting the deadlines
        Technical skills:
        languages: Java, HTML, SQL, Python
        frameworks: JUnit, TestNG, Cucumber BDD and Page Object model
        Testing tools: Selenium Web Driver, Restful API, Postman, Maven, JDBC, Git and GitHub, Appium, Jira, Jira X-ray, Selenium Grid
        CI/CD tools: Jenkins and AWS
        IDEs: Eclipse, IntelliJ, VS Code
        environments: Agile, Waterfall, Scrum team
        testing types: functional testing, smoke test, regression test, End to End test and UA test.
        professional experience:
        client: MTD Bank, New York City, NY             Aug 2021 - Present
        title: SDET
        - I have been involved in Swift platform where we manage the national and international transactions on a secure system. This is a finacial domain where we do test automation development.
        - Developed and maintained Cucumber BDD framework using Page Object model design along with Java programming language, Selenium Web Driver, Maven and Restful Api.
        - Manipulated the data using Object mapper and GSON for serialization and deserialization using Restful Api and postman.
        - Involved in functional testing; smoke test, regression test and End to End test.
        - Experienced git and GitHub for version control and collaboration with other team-mates.
        - Used Jira as project management tool.
        - Participated Scrum ceremonies; Grooming, Sprint planning, Daily stand-ups, Sprint review and retros.
        -Used Jenkins and AWS for CI/CD.
        client: Medunna Health group, New York City, NY             Jan 2020 - Aug 2021
        title: QA Engineer / QA Analyst
        - I have been involved in health laboratory management systems where we manage the patient information on a secure system. This is a health domain where we do test automation development.
        - Created and maintained TestNG framework using Page Object model design along with Java programming language, Selenium Web Driver, Maven , SQL and JDBC.
        - Used Selenium web driver for UI automation testing.
        - Expertised database testing using SQL and JDBC based on RDBMS.
        - Involved in functional testing; smoke test, regression test and End to End test.
        - Experienced git and GitHub for version control and collaboration with other team-mates.
        - Used Jira as project management tool.
        - Participated Scrum ceremonies; Grooming, Sprint planning, Daily stand-ups, Sprint review and retros.
        -Used Jenkins and AWS for CI/CD.
        Educational background:
        Bachelor's degree, Maths ... University(optional), city and state(optional)
        Certifications:
        OCA, Scrum master
        Volunteer activities:
        ....
        coverage:
        cloud
        resume prep
        interviews overlook
        LinkedIN:
        1. profile picture
        2. background picture
        3. top skills added
        4. endorsements about your skills ()
        5. upload resume
        6. do not conflict your resume with linkedIN
        Emine Keskin
        Emily
        monster, dice, career builder, xing, zip recruiter, glassdoor
        Automation tester
        SDET postions
        QA Engineer positions
        QA Analyst
        Manual tester
        Full stack automation tester
